# Medical Record System

The project: A medical record system with role‐based access control

Description:
 The project will involve a database of medical records accessible by doctor(s),
patient, nurse(s), and relatives.

 The records shall be created by the doctors (fictitious records, all 256 characters long,
including the name (first and last), birth date and the diagnostics for the patient)

 The data base will have a password‐controlled access control system
    
o All doctors will have access using user defined user‐name and password, of
course the administration should verify that they are really doctors.

o The patients will be issued a username as first letter of name + last‐name,
initial authorization will be issued by the doctor. A scheme should be devised
for conflicting user names. The password should be randomly generated by
the system.

o Nurses will be issued passwords similar to the patients.

o The relatives will be defined to the system by the patients.

o The passwords should be stored using SHA‐256 hashing.

 Accessing the records will be as follows:
    o Doctors will have access to all the records of all patients, but authorization
will be given by the patients.
    o Patients will only access to their own records.
    o Relatives may only access to records defined by the patients.
    o Nurses will be authorized by the doctors, they can only access to records for
      which the doctor has the authority.
      
 The records will be transmitted between doctors’ offices using symmetric key
cryptography of your choice.

 The software should have a different user interface for users and admin.
